a class for my how-to presentation I am
going to show you how to play the
harmonica so the Monica has ten
different keys alright starting from one
to ten
all right each key holds two notes when
you exhale that's one note when you
inhale
that's another so the way you're able to
tell what note you're playing is on top
of there Monica
it tells try get out of the glare okay
there you go on top of there Monica it
says one to ten and each one it
obviously is the note so how to
presentation I'm going to show you how
to play Billy Joel's opening to piano
man all right this was the first song
that I learned how to play and it's it's
pretty simple really ranges on one side
of harmonica so it's not hard to do as
you can see last page as you can see it
really stays on one side but Monica
really basing around six the key six so
here we go six seven eight six seven
eight six seven eight five six seven
five six seven five six seven five seven
four five six all right and then next
page four five six five six seven five
six seven six seven eight six seven
eight six seven eight five six seven
five six seven five six seven five six
seven four five six five six seven five
six seven four five six four five six
probably threw in some extra numbers
when I was saying that because gets
really confusing if you just speak it
out so as it might look pretty weird but
it's playing three different notes at
the same time you're it makes it a lot
easier when you don't have to like
really feel where you're playing and the
reason why I have to pay just shaded
green and half the pages you know not is
because this side but over here
is exhale and this side is inhale the
green represents inhaling and the not
it represents the exhale alright I
am going to attempt to play this and I
hope this helps you guys out
yeah that's my how-to and I hope you
liked it
have a good one